check out this week's must-see movies
not your job once I know in Blade Runner
2049 a detective seeks answers to long
buried secrets I always told you you're
special
after a tragic plane crash two strangers
must rely on each other to survive harsh
conditions in the mountain between us
nobody knows where we are we're all
we've got
we need help to save Equestria we're
ready to kick some booty in My Little
Pony the movie six friends embark on an
epic journey to save their community
y'all ponies are crazy see what's hot in
theaters with this week's fantasy
patient so what's your weekend ticket
going to be let us know by commenting
see you next time on weekend ticket
[Music]